Hey guys welcome back.
So last time we created our users table which of course has no values at the moment so there's you see
any results in there.
But now we're going to do is actually prepare to insert the values the user enters in the form into
the users table.
OK.
Before we do that though we need to set up the configuration file which allow us to actually talk to
them secure our database.
And this is actually really really easy and just create a new file and then save this and we save it
and include.
And then just call it config dot the h be like that.
So in the includes voda configure BHP now opening peter out like that.
And at the top we're going to say our and the score start like that.
And the school staff and what this does it turns on output buffering which you don't know a whole lot
about at the moment if you just dine out of BHP primps ignore this.
And basically what it does is one of the BHP page loads it will send this to the server in pieces.
This just means way until we have all the data for sending it to the server.
Like I said you don't know a whole lot about this.
You can look it up if you want more information.
But in my experience having this here makes me a little bit easier to work with insaf.
It might save you some problems in future but if you don't stand that juice just write down anyway it
doesn't matter too much.
I guess it underscore or start.
And then we'll just put timezone.
We have to set the time zone because date and the score default time zone is set.
That should be set date and this a default underscore time zone underscore set and then hey convert
whatever you want but I'm going to put Europe.
London like that.
Are you going find your own timezone and you can just put the HP times like that.
And you get lists of supported timezones right here.
OK.
So we go see all the time zones and you can just choose one.
So click on Europe for example.
Then you get all of them here.
So I chose Europe London right here.
Feel free to choose whatever you want and then you just put it down there.
And this just sets in and this is just you say that when we store times in the database we get there.
We have a good time and I'm going to pull our connection very well from my escarole database so we'll
call it Khan and you'll see that we use this for free range everything we do going forward in say my
escarole I underscore connect them in brackets Purt local host which is your server and then per route
which is a user name and it's a default username could we ever say username yet so just call it rude
and then an empty string.
This is password by default we don't have a password in our database.
And then what have you called your my Ask your old database.
So I called mine Slotter 5 right here somewhere right.
Spotify in there.
Right.
So of the 7 we have the user name the password and then the database name all going to an outage output
an error message if it didn't work.
So it failed to connect the database.
So my Esker alive and the score connect e r n no error.
No it's just basically there.
So the error will be stored in the in this copy copying base in that part right there.
And then if there's an error we're going to say airco fail to act like that and then append the arrested.
With this the dart in BHP appends strings together.
So this strength appended with the actual error message around and to test if this works we would have
to create a reference to this file.
So go back to registered up BHP at the top here the very first line underneath the BHP tag Purt include
in there includes slash config dock.
The HP just like that or I save that and refresh the page.
If you don't see any error messages you should be okay.
So this worked.
If for example I changed the name of this database now to something which doesn't exist and then go
back refresh the page.
I should see an error message.
Yeah.
See.
Unknown database with that name I see.
We know that he's calling this.
So change it back now to whatever your date is called.
So you shouldn't see any errors and that's it.
Now we can finally communicate with my escarole their race.